capital = 109

oob = "CRO_2000"

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 200
set_stability = 0.55

set_country_flag = country_language_croatian

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry2 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry2 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	coldwar_artillery = 1
	coldwar_antiair = 1
	coldwar_antitank = 1
 	rocket_artillery = 1
	sp_antiair0 = 1 
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	cv_CAS1 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	cv_fighter1 = 1
	cv_fighter2 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber2 = 1
	cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
	cv_naval_bomber2 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	strategic_bomber2 = 1
	scout_plane1 = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	government_system_parliamentary_republic
	economy_growth
	population_growth_decline
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = social_liberal
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    islamist = 1
    nationalist = 1
    reactionary = 2
    conservative = 25
    market_liberal = 6
    social_liberal = 30
    social_democrat = 5
    progressive = 10
    democratic_socialist = 10
    communist = 10
}

2007.1.1 = { add_ideas = { idea_eu_member } }
recruit_character = CRO_stjepan_mesić
recruit_character = CRO_dragutin_lesar
recruit_character = CRO_jadranka_kosor
recruit_character = CRO_bozo_petrov
recruit_character = CRO_mirela_holy
recruit_character = CRO_vlado_busic
recruit_character = CRO_ruza_tomasic
recruit_character = CRO_davor_trbuha
recruit_character = CRO_mirko_Šundov
recruit_character = CRO_slavko_barić
recruit_character = CRO_mate_ostović
recruit_character = CRO_boris_Šerić
recruit_character = CRO_bozo_poljak
recruit_character = CRO_davor_petek
recruit_character = CRO_dominik_ban
recruit_character = CRO_drago_matanović
recruit_character = CRO_dražen_Šćuri
recruit_character = CRO_gordana_garašić
recruit_character = CRO_ivica_kinder
recruit_character = CRO_mato_matanović
recruit_character = CRO_mijo_kožić
recruit_character = CRO_miroslav_kovać
recruit_character = CRO_mladen_fuzul
recruit_character = CRO_niko_jurilj
recruit_character = CRO_slaven_zdilar
recruit_character = CRO_tihomir_zebeć
recruit_character = CRO_perica_turalija
recruit_character = CRO_zoran_bozović
recruit_character = CRO_zdravko_kardum
recruit_character = CRO_predrag_stipanović
recruit_character = CRO_robert_hranj
recruit_character = CRO_marin_stošić
recruit_character = CRO_tomislav_jelacic
recruit_character = CRO_breno_njegovan
recruit_character = CRO_maximiliam_tomlejnovic
recruit_character = CRO_vladimir_crnkovic
2015.1.1 = {
	oob = "CRO_2016"
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović"
		ideology = liberalist
		picture = "Kolinda_Grabar.dds"
	}
}