capital = 811

oob = "PAL_2000"

set_research_slots = 2
set_convoys = 10
set_stability = 0.5

set_country_flag = country_language_arabic
set_country_flag = country_behavior_dispersed
set_country_flag = country_behavior_indolent

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry2 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry2 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	coldwar_artillery = 1
	coldwar_antiair = 1
	coldwar_antitank = 1
 	rocket_artillery = 1
	sp_antiair0 = 1 
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	cv_CAS1 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	cv_fighter1 = 1
	cv_fighter2 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber2 = 1
	cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
	cv_naval_bomber2 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	strategic_bomber2 = 1
	scout_plane1 = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}

set_country_flag = dominant_religion_islam
set_country_flag = sunni_islam

add_ideas = {
	economy_depression
	economy_tax_low
	civil_liberties_totalitarian
	population_growth_rapid
	arab_league_member
	partially_recognized_state
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "1997.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    social_democrat = 62
    nationalist = 11
    conservative = 6
    islamist = 21
}

recruit_character = PAL_yasser_arafat
recruit_character = PAL_ahmed_yassin
recruit_character = PAL_rami_hamdallah
recruit_character = PAL_mustafa_barghouti
recruit_character = PAL_eyad_elrefaai
recruit_character = PAL_munib_almasrii
recruit_character = PAL_omar_hamad
recruit_character = PAL_bassam_assalhi
recruit_character = PAL_ahmed_majdalani
recruit_character = PAL_rania_alabdullah
recruit_character = PAL_farhan_abu_alhayja
recruit_character = PAL_saeb_alajuz
recruit_character = PAL_mohamed_talib_bouji
recruit_character = PAL_ziad_alatrash
recruit_character = PAL_amjad_abuomar
2005.7.17 = {
    create_country_leader = {
	    name = "Mahmoud Abbas"
	    ideology = social_democrat_ideology
	    picture = "Mahmoud_Abbas.dds"
    }
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Khaled Meshaal"
	    ideology = islamic_republican
	    picture = "Khaled_Meshaal.dds"
	}
}

2017.3.6 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Ismail Haniya"
	    ideology = islamic_republican
	    picture = "Ismail_Haniya.dds"
	}
}