capital = 781

oob = "RWA_2000"

set_research_slots = 2
set_convoys = 10
set_stability = 0.2

set_country_flag = country_language_english
set_country_flag = country_language_french
set_country_flag = country_language_kinyarwanda
set_country_flag = country_behavior_dispersed
set_country_flag = country_behavior_indolent

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	#eng_low
	
	## Industry ##
	#ind_low
	
	## Doctrines ##
	
}

puppet = RCD

add_ideas = {
	national_development_undeveloped
	economy_boom
	immigration_policy_loose_regulations
	civil_liberties_totalitarian
	population_growth_explosion
	hutu_tutsi_tensions
	african_union_member
	extensive_conscription
	interahamwe_insurgency
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = nationalist
	last_election = "1999.1.1"
	election_frequency = 84
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
    islamist = 1
    nationalist = 54
    reactionary = 2
    conservative = 1
    market_liberal = 10
    social_liberal = 10
    social_democrat = 10
    progressive = 1
    democratic_socialist = 10
    communist = 1
}

recruit_character = RWA_pasteur_bizimungu
recruit_character = RWA_paul_kagame
recruit_character = RWA_agnes_mukabaranga
recruit_character = RWA_bernard_ntaganda
recruit_character = RWA_faustin_twagiramungu
recruit_character = RWA_mussa_harerimana
recruit_character = RWA_frank_habineza
recruit_character = RWA_prosper_higiro
recruit_character = RWA_vincent_biruta
recruit_character = RWA_kigeli_ndahindurwa
recruit_character = RWA_theoneste_bagosora
recruit_character = RWA_Jean_bosco_kazura
recruit_character = RWA_patrick_nyamvumba
recruit_character = RWA_kayumba_nyamwasa
recruit_character = RWA_mubaraka_muganga
recruit_character = RWA_albert_murasira
recruit_character = RWA_james_kabarebe
recruit_character = RWA_adrien_bizimana
recruit_character = RWA_callixte_mushikiwabo
recruit_character = RWA_jean_sindikubwabo

2000.3.22 = { promote_character = RWA_paul_kagame }
2003.7.18 = {
	diplomatic_relation = { country = ANG relation = war_relation active = no }
	diplomatic_relation = { country = COG relation = war_relation active = no }
	diplomatic_relation = { country = ZIM relation = war_relation active = no }
}
2001.10.24 = { set_cosmetic_tag = RWA_2001 }
2009.1.1 = { add_ideas = { commonwealth_of_nations_member } }